well howdy there internet people its Bo
a gown so we're in a mess so what are we
gonna do there are arms up wait for
federal leadership that does not appear
to be coming or are we gonna start
cleaning up the mess ourselves it seems
like the smarter route everybody has a
part to play it doesn't matter where
you're at and we're gonna go through
that right now or you go through some
do's and don'ts if you are on the state
or local government do move to protect
the people within your jurisdiction you
have authority vested in you and
everybody in state or local government
has the ability to help and this goes
from school board members to the
governor you can't wait for federal
leadership take your cue from nations
that are already dealing with this
educate yourself learn will work and
what didn't try to apply it do the best
you can for those within your
jurisdiction this is your moment if you
have political aspirations of any kind
this is your moment to shine
you want to get on the national stage
there you go
show that you have the character to lead
at the national level this is going to
propel a lot of people to the national
scene do put people over the economy we
can bring the economy back can't bring
people back focus on what matters
don't scapegoat
it's foreign Don Tom
we have senators floating baseless
theories because that's what they're
used to scapegoat blame blame the other
those people it's not going to work this
time
because this thing it does not care
about the other it doesn't care about
your borders at all I would also like to
point out that those who they are trying
to scape goat sacrifice their freedom of
movement for a pretty long time to buy
us time and that time was squandered
used in effectively by the people
attempting the scapegoat them that's not
going to be a winning strategy division
isn't going to work here cooperation
together unity that's gonna work
for the average citizen rule 303 is in
effect worldwide do what you can when
you can where you can for as long as you
can if you have the means you have the
responsibility everybody is going to
have to pitch in and for different
people that is going to mean different
things you have to take a good long hard
look at that demographic information
determine your risk level and that
should determine your level of
involvement if your high-risk stay home
and it's not just about you you don't
want to overwhelm our infrastructure so
stay home
if you're not at risk it could be
volunteering at places that are probably
going to need volunteers
it could be just getting supplies for
those people who have to self isolate
everybody has a part to play even self
isolating that's playing a part too and
I know there's a lot of people right now
so I don't have the means to self
isolate yeah I know probably a lot of
people like that but even that you're
doing something and most importantly it
can be a learning experience for
everybody come November we're gonna have
a chance to alter some things understand
that healthcare leave these types of
things
they're not just good they're not just
fringe benefits it's a national security
thing it needs to happen and I don't
want to hear how we got to pay for it
not after 1.5 trillion dollars let's
just flush down the toilet
to keep numbers up because that's what
it's about it's about numbers
and the numbers are getting bigger the
ones that matter not the economy the
people those numbers are getting bigger
this is a worldwide thing and we're
looking at our numbers and they're yeah
they're getting up there but we can't
give way to panic panic the inability to
affect self-help we can't give in to
that
remember the percentages remember the
demographics focus on protecting those
we're gonna have to get through this
together and it's going to take a
mobilization and since we're not getting
a leadership from the fact getting any
leadership from the federal government
we got to do it ourselves to kind of off
topic things one if you're on Twitter
Instagram you see somebody doing what
they can hashtag rule 303 please I think
people are gonna need some positive news
maybe those who are setting the example
another thing that I got tonight from a
number of people was I'm calming and
that if they self isolate they may need
that I don't know I will try to come up
with something maybe we'll pick a zombie
movie on Netflix and everybody watch it
together on live streaming I don't know
I will try to come up with something to
occupy your time as you go on a
staycation
but at the end of the day we have to do
this it's just us and we're gonna have
to work together
there's no scapegoating no that's gonna
be any use its humanity against this
thing
it's not Americans it's all of us and
the sooner we get that there are heads
the better the sooner we start to act
the more manageable this becomes the
sooner we get over the American
exceptionalism oath so it won't happen
here the easier this is gonna be the
longer we delay the bigger of a mess we
end up with it's gonna be harder to
clean up anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good day